[ADD] MRP: Three-step manufacturing (#5163)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/manufacturing/management/three_step_manufacturing.rst

========================
Three-step manufacturing
========================

.. _manufacturing/management/two_step_manufacturing:
.. |BOM| replace:: :abbr:`BoM (Bill of Materials)`
.. |MO| replace:: :abbr:`MO (Manufacturing Order)`

> Odoo *Manufacturing* allows users to manufacture products using one, two, or three steps. When using
> three-step manufacturing, Odoo creates a pick components transfer, a manufacturing order (MO), and a
> store finished products transfer, and updates inventory counts based on the number of components
> removed, and finished products created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Odoo *Manufacturing* allows users to manufacture products using one, two, or three steps. When using
three-step manufacturing, Odoo creates a pick components transfer, a manufacturing order (MO), and a
store finished products transfer.

Additionally, Odoo updates inventory counts based on the number of components removed and finished
products created.
```

.. tip::
   The number of steps used in manufacturing is set at the warehouse level, allowing for each
   warehouse to use a different number of steps. To change the number of steps used for a specific
   warehouse, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory --> Configuration --> Warehouses`,
   and then select a warehouse from the :guilabel:`Warehouses` screen.

   On the :guilabel:`Warehouse Configuration` tab, find the :guilabel:`Manufacture` radio input
   field, and select one of the three options: :guilabel:`Manufacture (1 step)`, :guilabel:`Pick
   components and then manufacture (2 steps)`, or :guilabel:`Pick components, manufacture and then
   store products (3 steps)`.

   .. image:: three_step_manufacturing/manufacturing-type.png
      :align: center
      :alt: The Manufacture radio input field on a warehouse configuration page.

.. important::
   Products must be properly configured before they can be manufactured in Odoo. For details on how

>    to do so, see the documentation on how to :ref:`configure a product for manufacturing

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   to accomplish this, see the documentation on how to :ref:`configure a product for manufacturing
```

:guilabel:`Bill of Material` field auto-populates with the associated Bill of Materials (BoM).

If a product has more than one |BOM| configured for it, the specific |BOM| can be selected in the
:guilabel:`Bill of Material` field, and the :guilabel:`Product` field auto-populates with the
associated product.

After a |BOM| has been selected, the :guilabel:`Components` and :guilabel:`Work Orders` tabs
auto-populate with the components and operations specified on the |BOM|. If additional components or
operations are required for the |MO| being configured, add them to the :guilabel:`Components` and
:guilabel:`Work Orders` tabs by clicking :guilabel:`Add a line`.

Finally, click :guilabel:`Confirm` to confirm the |MO|.

Process pick components transfer
================================

After confirming a three-step |MO|, a :guilabel:`Transfers` smart button appears at the top of the
page. Click it to be taken to the :guilabel:`Transfers` page for the |MO|. The page lists two
transfers: *WH/PC/XXXXX* (the pick components transfer), and *WH/SFP/XXXXX* (the store finished
products transfer).

Select :guilabel:`WH/PC/XXXXX` to open the pick components transfer for the |MO|. This transfer is

> used to track the movement of components from the locations where they are stored to the location
> where they are used to manufacture the product.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used to track the movement of components, from the locations where they are stored to the location
where they are used to manufacture the product.
```

top of the transfer, followed by :guilabel:`Apply` on the :guilabel:`Immediate Transfer?` pop-up
window that appears. Doing so marks the transfer as :guilabel:`Done`, and updates inventory counts
to reflect the quantity of components transferred.

Finally, return to the |MO| by clicking the :guilabel:`WH/MO/XXXXX` breadcrumb at the top of the
page.

.. image:: three_step_manufacturing/mo-bread-crumb.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The manufacturing order bread crumb on a pick components transfer.

Process manufacturing order
===========================

An |MO| is processed by completing all of the work orders listed under its :guilabel:`Work Orders`
tab. This can be done on the |MO| itself, or from the work order tablet view.

Basic workflow
--------------

To complete work orders from the |MO| itself, begin by navigating to :menuselection:`Manufacturing
--> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, then select a manufacturing order.

On the |MO| page, select the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab. Once work begins on the first work order
that needs to be completed, click the :guilabel:`Start` button for that work order. Odoo

> *Manufacturing* then starts a timer that keeps track of how long the work order takes to complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Manufacturing* then starts a timer to keep track of how long the work order takes to complete.
```

> .. image:: three_step_manufacturing/start-button.png

Reviewer 2: this image doesn't *appear* to be compressed I was able to get it down to about ~14kb

.. image:: three_step_manufacturing/done-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Done button for an work order on a manufacturing order.

After completing all of the work orders, click :guilabel:`Produce All` at the top of the screen to
mark the |MO| as :guilabel:`Done`, and register the manufactured product(s) into inventory.

Tablet view workflow
--------------------

To complete the work orders for an |MO| using the tablet view, begin by navigating to
:menuselection:`Manufacturing --> Operations --> Manufacturing Orders`, then select a manufacturing
order.

Next, click on the :guilabel:`Work Orders` tab, and then select the :guilabel:`📱 (tablet)` button
on the line of the first work order to be processed. This opens the tablet view.

.. image:: three_step_manufacturing/tablet-view-button.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The tablet view button for a work order on a manufacturing order.

After opening the tablet view, Odoo *Manufacturing* automatically starts a timer that keeps track of
how long the work order takes to complete. After completing the work order, click the
:guilabel:`Mark as Done` button in the top-right corner of the tablet view.

> Clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done` while there is at least one more work order left to complete opens
> a page that lists the next work order. Click on that work order to open it in the tablet view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done`, while there is *at least* one more work order left to complete,
opens a page that lists the next work order. Click on that work order to open it in the tablet view.
```

Once the final work order for the |MO| has been reached, a :guilabel:`Mark as Done and Close MO`

> button appears on the tablet view in addition to the :guilabel:`Mark as Done` button. Click
> :guilabel:`Mark as Done and Close MO` to mark the |MO| as :guilabel:`Done` and register the
> manufactured product(s) into inventory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
button appears on the tablet view, in addition to the :guilabel:`Mark as Done` button. Click
:guilabel:`Mark as Done and Close MO` to mark the |MO| as :guilabel:`Done`, and register the
manufactured product(s) into inventory.
```

> It is also possible to complete the final work order while keeping the |MO| open, by clicking
> :guilabel:`Mark as Done`. In this case, the |MO| can be closed at a later time by clicking the
> :guilabel:`Produce All` button on the |MO|.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to complete the final work order, while keeping the |MO| open, by clicking
:guilabel:`Mark as Done`. In this case, the |MO| can be closed at a later time by clicking the
:guilabel:`Produce All` button on the |MO|.
```

Process finished product transfer
=================================

> After completing the |MO|, return to the order's :guilabel:`Transfers` page by clicking the
> :guilabel:`Transfers` button at the top of the order. This time, select :guilabel:`WH/SFP/XXXXX` to
> open the store finished products transfer. This transfer is used to track the movement of finished
> products from the location where they were manufactured to the location where they are stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After completing the |MO|, return to the order's :guilabel:`Transfers` page by clicking the
:guilabel:`Transfers` button at the top of the order.

This time, select :guilabel:`WH/SFP/XXXXX` to open the store finished products transfer. This
transfer is used to track the movement of finished products, from the location where they were
manufactured to the location where they are stored.
```

Click :guilabel:`Mark as Done and Close MO` to mark the manufacturing order as :guilabel:`Done` and
register the manufactured product(s) into inventory.

.. image:: three_step_manufacturing/done-and-close.png
   :align: center
   :alt: The Mark as Done and Close MO button in the manufacturing tablet view.

It is also possible to complete the final operation while keeping the manufacturing order open, by
clicking :guilabel:`Mark as Done`. In this case, the manufacturing order can be closed at a later
time by clicking the :guilabel:`Produce All` button on the order.

Process finished product transfer
=================================

After completing the manufacturing order, return to the order's :guilabel:`Transfers` page by
clicking the :guilabel:`Transfers` button at the top of the order. This time, select
:guilabel:`WH/SFP/XXXXX` to open the store finished products transfer. This transfer is used to
track the movement of finished products from the location where they were manufactured to the
location where they are stored.

After transferring the finished products to their storage location, click :guilabel:`Validate` at

> the top of the transfer, followed by :guilabel:`Apply` on the :guilabel:`Immediate Transfer?` pop-up
> window that appears. Doing so moves the transfer to the :guilabel:`Done` stage and updates inventory

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
the top of the transfer. Then, on the :guilabel:`Immediate Transfer?` pop-up window, click
:guilabel:`Apply`. Doing so moves the transfer to the :guilabel:`Done` stage and updates inventory
```

Optional suggestion to make the pop-up distinct from the UI before
